README.md, before:

# LCLS Python Environments

A repository for holding yaml files representing conda environments for use on the SLAC network. Also includes workflows for creating and testing the environments for deployment to RHEL6 and RHEL7 machines. The environments described by the files are as follows:

## python3_rhel7_env

This is the default environment that will be available to anyone logging into a RHEL7 box and sourcing the default startup scripts. Intended to be stable, only updated via CATER requests, suitable for running production applications.

## rhel7_devel

Updated via [cron job](https://github.com/slaclab/lcls-python3.8-env/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish_rhel7_nightly.yml) to obtain more recent versions of packages.

## default-rhel6-environment

This is the old default environment, only for use on any remaining machines still running RHEL6.

## python3_devel

This will be the new version of the nightly environment, built for machines running Rocky 9 (and eventually above). Not yet in use. rhel7_devel is still the go to for all machines for now.

## Documentation

For additional documentation including the GitHub actions that support the build and testing process please see here: https://slaclab.github.io/conda-pack-docs/

Commit message:

Update README file for new environment

README.md, after:

# LCLS Python Environments

A repository for holding yaml files representing conda environments for use on the SLAC network. Also includes workflows for creating and testing the environments for deployment to RHEL6 and RHEL7 machines. The environments described by the files are as follows:

## python3_rhel7_env

This is the default environment that will be available to anyone logging into a RHEL7 box and sourcing the default startup scripts. Intended to be stable, only updated via CATER requests, suitable for running production applications.

## rhel7_devel

Updated via [cron job](https://github.com/slaclab/lcls-python3.8-env/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish_rhel7_nightly.yml) to obtain more recent versions of packages.

## rocky9_gpu_devel

An environment with the GPU version of PyTorch for running on CUDA capable rocky 9 systems.

## default-rhel6-environment

This is the old default environment, only for use on any remaining machines still running RHEL6.

## python3_devel

This will be the new version of the nightly environment, built for machines running Rocky 9 (and eventually above). Not yet in use. rhel7_devel is still the go to for all machines for now.

## Documentation

For additional documentation including the GitHub actions that support the build and testing process please see here: https://slaclab.github.io/conda-pack-docs/
